Add Short-Form Report Guidance to framework documentation (#63)
opencomputeproject/OCP-Security-SAFE: Documentation/framework.md

Several SRP sample reports can be found in [Appendix A](#appendix-a-example-reports).

### Short-Form Report Guidance

* **Issue detail level:** The SFR should describe risks for CSPs and encourage the DV to improve security. Include enough detail to explain impact, but avoid exploit-enabling specifics. Protect IP by omitting code identifiers (variable, module, or function names).
    * Example phrasing: “Integer overflow in secure boot could lead to arbitrary code execution in ROM”; “Insecure protection configuration allows loading unsigned code.”
    * Avoid: “external_parser.c:195 parse_xml(xml_string) has a stack overflow when xml_string exceeds 1024 bytes, leading to arbitrary code execution.”
* **Quantitative Risk Ratings:** The SFR uses CVSS for quantitative risk ratings. The CVSS score is the primary factor determining whether a finding should be included in the SFR. As such, any finding with a non-zero CVSS score **must** be included in the SFR if it is within the defined security review scope. Findings with a CVSS score of zero, by definition pose no risk to the CSP and must be excluded.

> * **Configuration-dependent findings:** Findings may exist that depend on configuration.

Reviewer: This part seems risky. A vendor could use this to get a clean slate by simply documenting the risks of any concern an SRP has in the integration guidelines. I would just leave this whole section out to not undermine the SRPs position in deciding what's reasonable and what isn't.

Several SRP sample reports can be found in [Appendix A](#appendix-a-example-reports).

## Short-Form Report Guidance

* **Issue detail level:** The SFR should describe risks for product consumers and encourage vendors to improve security. Include enough detail to explain impact, but avoid exploit-enabling specifics. Protect IP by omitting code identifiers (variable, module, or function names).
    * Example phrasing: “Integer overflow in secure boot could lead to arbitrary code execution in ROM”; “Insecure protection configuration allows loading unsigned code.”
    * Avoid: “external_parser.c:195 parse_xml(xml_string) has a stack overflow when xml_string exceeds 1024 bytes, leading to arbitrary code execution.”

> * **Classifying “Informational”:** A finding can only be Informational when the CVSS score is 0.0. As such, informational findings are not included in the SFR. 

Reviewer 2: This definition is a concern for me due to the the way the CVSS works, especially when performing code-review based analysis.

It is possible to have a finding in code that has a positive CVSS score, yet when subjectively evaluating the risk of a finding (i.e. Info-Critical scale) it has no risk (i.e. "Informational"). 

Conversely, it is possible (and I have seen) cases where for code review the finding has a CVSS of 0.0, yet subjectively it could be considered to have a risk, because of the risk of future changes or environmental factors resulting in an exploitable condition.

In my experience so far there is an immense push from the DVs to publish "clean" SFRs, so whatever we define as the inclusion/non-inclusion threshold is going to be quite important. Since the framework leans heavily on CVSS, the most logical option here is probably to define the inclusion criteria as a finding with a CVSS of 0.0 is not included, but do not call it "Informational" as in a standalone risk rating, this may not be true. Indeed, a CVSS 0.0 score as defined by CVSS is "None". So, it may be sufficient for this to state the following:

```suggestion
* **Qualitative Risk Ratings:** Any qualitative risk rating used by the SRP when reporting findings is not relevant for the purposes of the SFR. For the avoidance of doubt, the CVSS score is the **only** factor determining whether a finding should be included in the SFR. As such, any finding with a non-zero CVSS score **must** be included in the SFR. 
```
